README.md, before:

# Notice

Please use [System.Drawing.Common](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Drawing.Common) instead, this is an official fork of mono's system drawing implementation, this project will no longer be maintained.

----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------

# System.Drawing for .NET Core, that really work

This is a .Net Core compatible System.Drawing implementation modified from mono project.<br/>
Works on windows and linux.

Since 3.0, namespace is replaced to `System.DrawingCore`, please modify your code after upgrade.

Since 4.0, netstandard 2.0 is required, and code is updated to mono 5.2.0.215.

[![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/ZKWeb.System.Drawing)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/ZKWeb.System.Drawing)

These system are tested:

- Windows 8.1 64bit
- Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS 64bit
- Fedora 24 64bit
- CentOS 7.2 64bit

These features should work:

- Open jpg, bmp, ico, png
- Save jpg, bmp, ico, png 
- Resize image
- Draw graphics with brush and pen
- Open font and draw string

Known issues:

- #1 Save icon file large than 255x255 will cause arithmetic overflow error

# How can I get it work?

On windows, just install package `ZKWeb.System.Drawing` from nuget.

On Linux, except install package `ZKWeb.System.Drawing` from nuget, you need install `libgdiplus`.<br/>

- Ubuntu 16.04 and above:
	- apt-get install libgdiplus
	- cd /usr/lib
	- ln -s libgdiplus.so gdiplus.dll
- Fedora 23 and above:
	- dnf install libgdiplus
	- cd /usr/lib64/
	- ln -s libgdiplus.so.0 gdiplus.dll
- CentOS 7 and above:
	- yum install autoconf automake libtool
	- yum install freetype-devel fontconfig libXft-devel
	- yum install libjpeg-turbo-devel libpng-devel giflib-devel libtiff-devel libexif-devel
	- yum install glib2-devel cairo-devel
	- git clone https://github.com/mono/libgdiplus
	- cd libgdiplus
	- ./autogen.sh
	- make
	- make install
	- cd /usr/lib64/
	- ln -s /usr/local/lib/libgdiplus.so gdiplus.dll

**Then you should replace all `System.Drawing` To `System.DrawingCore` in your code**

Commit message:

How to install the Mono libgdiplus.dll on a Mac
How to install the Mono libgdiplus.dll on a Mac

README.md, after:

# Notice

Please use [System.Drawing.Common](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Drawing.Common) instead, this is an official fork of mono's system drawing implementation, this project will no longer be maintained.

----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------

# System.Drawing for .NET Core, that really work

This is a .Net Core compatible System.Drawing implementation modified from mono project.<br/>
Works on windows and linux.

Since 3.0, namespace is replaced to `System.DrawingCore`, please modify your code after upgrade.

Since 4.0, netstandard 2.0 is required, and code is updated to mono 5.2.0.215.

[![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/ZKWeb.System.Drawing)](http://www.nuget.org/packages/ZKWeb.System.Drawing)

These system are tested:

- Windows 8.1 64bit
- Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS 64bit
- Fedora 24 64bit
- CentOS 7.2 64bit

These features should work:

- Open jpg, bmp, ico, png
- Save jpg, bmp, ico, png 
- Resize image
- Draw graphics with brush and pen
- Open font and draw string

Known issues:

- #1 Save icon file large than 255x255 will cause arithmetic overflow error

# How can I get it work?

On windows, just install package `ZKWeb.System.Drawing` from nuget.

On Linux, except install package `ZKWeb.System.Drawing` from nuget, you need install `libgdiplus`.<br/>

- Ubuntu 16.04 and above:
	- apt-get install libgdiplus
	- cd /usr/lib
	- ln -s libgdiplus.so gdiplus.dll
- Fedora 23 and above:
	- dnf install libgdiplus
	- cd /usr/lib64/
	- ln -s libgdiplus.so.0 gdiplus.dll
- CentOS 7 and above:
	- yum install autoconf automake libtool
	- yum install freetype-devel fontconfig libXft-devel
	- yum install libjpeg-turbo-devel libpng-devel giflib-devel libtiff-devel libexif-devel
	- yum install glib2-devel cairo-devel
	- git clone https://github.com/mono/libgdiplus
	- cd libgdiplus
	- ./autogen.sh
	- make
	- make install
	- cd /usr/lib64/
	- ln -s /usr/local/lib/libgdiplus.so gdiplus.dll
- Mac OS(libgdiplus is now in Homebrew):
	- brew install mono-libgdiplus

**Then you should replace all `System.Drawing` To `System.DrawingCore` in your code**
